How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a diff. between two versions of file helps us figure out
    that section of code which may have produced the bug. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Access to entire history of the file helps us remember the small 
    mistakes which we made during its making and will surely help
    us to avoid the same errors in future

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

   Pros-It will help you remember the changes you commited in the long
   term because you needed that changes to be known to you unlike auto
   save where you might not want that commit to be shown to you

   Cons-Sometimes due to human-error,we tend to forget to commit the 
   imp. changes which whie reviewing the project after some time can 
   lead us to some sort of confusion

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Because Some files are interrelated with each other where change in one
    may reflect in other files, so better to keep their track together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log is used to see the recent commmits you made in your file and
    git diff is used to compare the two versions of the same file hence
    keeping the history of your files intact

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
  
    It does encourage us to make changes by making new branch of the existing
    file and workout something which if didn't work or broke,you will always
    have the luxury of reverting back to your root branch

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to use Git for all my future projects so that I can better
    grasp of my own project and thrive to get better
